TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- [PRIORITY PROJECTS](#priority-projects)
- [Random](#random)
- [CSS files](#css-files)
- [Tasks](#tasks)
- [Add Events to API routes](#add-events-to-api-routes)
- [Infrastructure Management](#infrastructure-management)
- [User Login](#user-login)
- [WTForms](#wtforms)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Logging](#logging)
- [Security](#security)
- [Re-structure CSS and Navigation](#re-structure-css-and-navigation)
- [Build Portfolio Page](#build-portfolio-page)
- [Basic Main page and Portfolio](#basic-main-page-and-portfolio)
- [Employers](#employers)
- [ML Models](#ml-models)
- [Front-end Framework](#front-end-framework)
- [Project Specific](#project-specific)
  - [ichrisbirch](#ichrisbirch)
  - [Apartments](#apartments)
  - [Habits](#habits)
  - [Tracks](#tracks)
  - [Events](#events)
  - [Countdowns](#countdowns)
  - [Box Moving](#box-moving)
  - [Journal](#journal)
- [Future Projects](#future-projects)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [Manage Github](#manage-github)
  - [Stable Diffusion](#stable-diffusion)
  - [Postgres Permissions Graphical Interface with Approvals / Stats](#postgres-permissions-graphical-interface-with-approvals--stats)
  - [Desktop App](#desktop-app)
  - [Webstore Project](#webstore-project)
  - [Interview Star Questions](#interview-star-questions)
  - [Learning](#learning)
  - [Goals](#goals)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Ummmm and Like counter](#ummmm-and-like-counter)
  - [User Customization](#user-customization)

## PRIORITY PROJECTS

- [ ] Always run the new autotask right now
- [ ] Test to see if the autotask creator actually works
- [ ] Check on the daily subtraction
  - [ ] This should be in the logs
  - [ ] Move to airflow eventually

- [ ] Create tests for logger init
- [ ] Make sure logger is working
- [ ] Update tmuxinator stuff
- [ ] Website Login to hide my shit
- [ ] Autotasks
- [ ] `euphoria_ddl.sql`
- [ ] `.flake8` does this not work with pyproject?
  - [ ] Docs if it does not
- [ ] mypy - `--check-untyped-defs`
  - [ ] Add this option when ready to deal with other routes
- [ ] Docs: Create video documentation, store on S3, create a link to the video in the docs.

## Random

- [X] Separate pytest and coverage in pre-commit and github-actions
  - Don't need to
- [ ] Make a startup script
  - [ ] So this can be started in Docker each time for testing
  - [ ] So it can be started on a fresh Postgres instance
- [ ] STATS
  - [ ] Move stats out of ichrisbirch
    - 1. Move them to ichrisbirch S3 bucket
    - 2. Create script to run them, similar to postgres backup script
    - 3. Run that script automatically with the backup on schedule
    -
- [ ] `etc/environment` in prod server for ENVIRONMENT variable
- [ ] Create `new-server` script that installs all the good stuff on new ec2 that can be run upon creation
  - [ ] Optionally, lock in an image with the stuff necessary to run server and use that image

## CSS files

- [ ] Need to have reset
- [ ] [mkdocs-material/_resets.scss at master · squidfunk/mkdocs-material · GitHub](https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/blob/master/src/assets/stylesheets/main/_resets.scss)

## Tasks

- [ ] Alexa skill, use the to-do API to add a task
- [ ] Make an Alfred shortcut for todo
  - [ ] Using API most likely
- [ ] FIX: Catch error when priority is not specified in add task, currently there is a server error
  - [ ] This needs to be done in the form itself, before it gets sent
  - [ ] Either wtforms or some frontend framework with validation

## Add Events to API routes

## Infrastructure Management

- [ ] [How to Manage OpenStack Private Clouds Episode 1](https://www.patreon.com/posts/how-to-manage-1-78070880)

## User Login

- [ ] Create login for all apps as a main page.
- [ ] [Basic Usage - FastAPI JWT Auth](https://indominusbyte.github.io/fastapi-jwt-auth/usage/basic/)
- [ ] [fastapi-github-actions-test/auth.py at master · rexsimiloluwah/fastapi-github-actions-test · GitHub](https://github.com/rexsimiloluwah/fastapi-github-actions-test/blob/master/src/routes/auth.py)
  - [ ] [Flask User Accounts & Authentication in with Flask-Login](https://hackersandslackers.com/flask-login-user-authentication/)
  - [ ] [Flask-Login — Flask-Login 0.7.0 documentation](https://flask-login.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
  - [ ] [GitHub - maxcountryman/flask-login: Flask user session management.](https://github.com/maxcountryman/flask-login)
  - [ ] [Cookies with the Flask web framework | Verdant Fox](https://verdantfox.com/blog/view/cookies-with-the-flask-web-framework)

- SSL for nginx
  - [How To Serve Flask Applications with Gunicorn and Nginx on Ubuntu 18.04  | DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-serve-flask-applications-with-gunicorn-and-nginx-on-ubuntu-18-04)
    - Step 6 - Securing the Application

- Flask Admin -- NO
- [GitHub - flask-admin/flask-admin: Simple and extensible administrative interface framework for Flask](https://github.com/flask-admin/flask-admin)

- [Stop Using JSON Web Tokens For Authentication. Use Stateful Sessions Instead | by Francisco Sainz | Better Programming](https://betterprogramming.pub/stop-using-json-web-tokens-for-authentication-use-stateful-sessions-instead-c0a803931a5d)

- FastAPI Signup
- [python-api-examples/api.py at main · ChristopherGS/python-api-examples · GitHub](https://github.com/ChristopherGS/python-api-examples/blob/main/fastapi_project/app/api/api.py)

## WTForms

Is this something I want to do?

- [Introduction — WTForms-Alchemy 0.16.8 documentation](https://wtforms-alchemy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/introduction.html)
- [Quickstart — Flask-WTF Documentation (1.1.x)](https://flask-wtf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart/)

## Testing

[TDD Tutorial](https://courses.cd.training/courses/tdd-tutorial)
[Patterns for Managing Source Code Branches](https://www.martinfowler.com/articles/branching-patterns.html)
[The Practical Test Pyramid](https://martinfowler.com/articles/practical-test-pyramid.html)
[9 pytest tips and tricks to take your tests to the next level | Verdant Fox](https://verdantfox.com/blog/view/9-pytest-tips-and-tricks-to-take-your-tests-to-the-next-level)

- Udemy Class
- I have pytest book somewhere
- Realpython
[Testing Flask Applications — Flask Documentation (2.2.x)](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.2.x/testing/)

- Books on datapointchris.com
- pytest
- test driven dev in python
- [Pytest with Marking, Mocking, and Fixtures in 10 Minutes | by Kay Jan Wong | Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/pytest-with-marking-mocking-and-fixtures-in-10-minutes-678d7ccd2f70)
- [Writing tests for external API calls](https://www.cosmicpython.com/blog/2020-01-25-testing_external_api_calls.html)
- [Python pytest - The Blue Book](https://lyz-code.github.io/blue-book/coding/python/pytest/)
- [Test-Driven Development In Python // The power of red-green-refactor - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1j6k2j2eJg)
- [How To Write Unit Tests For Existing Python Code // Part 1 of 2 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULxMQ57engo)
- [How To Write Unit Tests For Existing Python Code // Part 2 of 2 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NI5IGAim8XU)
- [End-To-End Tutorial For Pytest Fixtures With Examples](https://www.lambdatest.com/blog/end-to-end-tutorial-for-pytest-fixtures-with-examples/)
- [How To Use PyTest including Real Examples And Best Practices | by Eric Sales De Andrade | ITNEXT](https://itnext.io/how-to-use-pytest-including-real-examples-and-best-practices-11073e4fd514)
- DynamoDB
  - [pytest-dynamodb · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-dynamodb/)
  - [Testing Boto3 with pytest Fixtures - Adam Johnson](https://adamj.eu/tech/2019/04/22/testing-boto3-with-pytest-fixtures/)
- MongoDB
  - [pytest-mongo · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-mongo/)
  - [pytest-mongodb · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-mongodb/)
- [Pytest for Beginners | TestDriven.io](https://testdriven.io/blog/pytest-for-beginners/)
- [Web Automation: Don't Use Selenium, Use Playwright](https://new.pythonforengineers.com/blog/web-automation-dont-use-selenium-use-playwright/)
- [Lean TDD | pythontest](https://pythontest.com/lean-tdd/)

## Logging

[python - Using logging in multiple modules - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15727420/using-logging-in-multiple-modules/15729700#15729700)

[Logging HOWTO — Python 3.11.2 documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/howto/logging.html#advanced-logging-tutorial)

[Logging — The Underappreciated Art Form | by Tom Dickinson, PhD | Medium](https://www.tomkdickinson.co.uk/logging-the-underappreciated-art-form-40b8ec7add44)

[Python Logging: A Stroll Through the Source Code – Real Python](https://realpython.com/python-logging-source-code/)

[Python Logging: How to Write Logs Like a Pro! - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxuXaaT1u3k)

[Do not log](https://sobolevn.me/2020/03/do-not-log)

## Security

[API & Web Architecture - Security Best Practices | by Abdul Wahab | Medium](https://abdulrwahab.medium.com/api-web-architecture-security-best-practices-61522aff37be)
[Designing a secure API - DEV Community](https://dev.to/vaultree/designing-a-secure-api-4059)

- [ ] Make a new user for postgres?
  - [ ] Should I make a special user that connects to postgres?
  - [ ] Or should I use AWS IAM authentication with a password?
  - [ ] But I need a user to do admin stuff, I guess postgres is okay for that
  - [ ] But should definitely be a separate user for the app
    - [ ] They don't need permission to:
      - [ ] postgres database
      - [ ] pgcron
      - [ ] ONLY to `ichrisbirch` db

## Re-structure CSS and Navigation

- [ ] CSS to inheret from main
  - [ ] Both the classes and site-wide variables
- [ ] There is a style of CSS naming convention, find that again.
- [ ] <https://github.com/bem/bem-sdk#naming>
- [ ] <https://en.bem.info/toolbox/>
- [ ] <https://en.bem.info/methodology/css/>
- [ ]

@app.route('/favicon.ico')
def favicon():
    return send_file('static/favicon.ico')

## Build Portfolio Page

- [ ] code this entirely by hand, using small code packages
  - [ ] Dataset
  - [ ] Dataset-orm
- [ ] Use templates for everything

## Basic Main page and Portfolio

- Portfolio
  - [ ] Of course have the stupid carousel portfolio
    - [ ] When hover on project, get the 'highlights' reel.

## Employers

- Super awesome employers only link
  - Enter their super special employer code
  - Customized short video (my own voice from computer)

## ML Models

- [ ] API
- [ ] Corresponding Flask interface
  - [ ] Choose models
  - [ ] Choose dataset
    - [ ] Use the scikit-learn toy datasets to get a feel
  - [ ] Graphing, maybe this is part of Front-End
<https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-properly-ship-and-deploy-your-machine-learning-model-8a8664b763c4>
<https://testdriven.io/blog/fastapi-machine-learning/>

## Front-end Framework

Test this out on the portfolio page
resume page

## Project Specific

### ichrisbirch

- [ ] Command to bring up the menu, like in github
- [ ] Make a home tab that is present in every page somewhere
- [ ] `Report an Issue` button at the bottom or floating somewhere in the footer or nav that pops up a form in the middle that they submit easily and it goes to the correct repository as an issue on github and auto assigns me and I get an email.
- [ ] Automated web testing of all the buttons and forms?
- [ ] Nav on the bottom that when you click it, it comes up with rotating gears on each side.
  - [ ] [Floating Buttons](https://codepen.io/rashiq/pen/eqGEzw)
  - [ ] [Animated BottomBar Experiment (CSS Transitions only)](https://codepen.io/chrisbautista/pen/NWXjqLN)
- [ ] GEARS
  - [ ] <https://webdevtrick.com/cog-loading-animation/>
  - [ ] <https://css-challenges.com/rotating-gears/>
  - [ ] <https://www.script-tutorials.com/demos/247/index.html>
  - [ ] <https://jsfiddle.net/LukaszWiktor/4qpcqymp/>
  - [ ] <https://codepen.io/alextebbs/pen/tHhrz>
  - [ ] <https://www.script-tutorials.com/css3-animated-gears/>
- [ ] Integrate with bookmarks
  - [ ] Article of the Day

### Apartments

### Habits

<https://github.com/flatpickr/flatpickr>

Ranking
 [Slider with value and ruler](https://codepen.io/thebabydino/pen/RwjWrKz)

### Tracks

- [ ] Quote of the day!
- [ ] DELETE the Todo Part. This is being handled by `Tasks` and Obsidian for notes
- [ ] Re-design the tabs so that they are layered, eliminate tabs within tabs
- [ ] Daily Habits date changes at wrong time.  Set time to be local

### Events

- [ ] Add the Day of week to event date
- [ ] Delete Past events
- [ ] Add time remaining for events
- [ ] Turn long URLs into `Event Link`

### Countdowns

- [ ] Automatically put a countdown for any Event that I am attending

### Box Moving

- [ ] Cascade on delete to delete box items
- [ ] Add box # to search results
- [ ] Make check boxes bigger on main page
- [ ] Display block to have the whole thing be clickable
- [ ] Make box selector menu bigger
- [ ] Fix internal search error 500 with special characters
- [ ] Make the search a fuzzy search
- [ ] Make search box focus on load
- [ ] Make search results clickable
- [ ] Edit box name

### Journal

- [ ] Default Template to give a start
  EX: `3 Things Thankful:`
      (Write here)
      `5 New Ideas:`
      (Write here)
- [ ] Weekly / Monthly Themes
  - [ ] Integrated with the templates
  - [ ] Possibly even a color theme for effect
  - [ ] Music theme for repetition

## Future Projects

### Books

<https://stackabuse.com/file-management-with-aws-s3-python-and-flask/>
<https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73211035/how-do-i-configure-nginx-to-serve-static-files-from-an-aws-s3-bucket>

### Manage Github

Use API to pull github projects
If they have issues that need taken care of display those.
Make a link to go to the issues.
Each github project should have:

- Name
- Link
- local directory {projects, apps, tutorials, etc}
This should have an API that I can call in a python script to download all of them.
Upon opening it should check if there is a new github repository and alert me so that I can properly add it.

### Stable Diffusion

Because why not?
<https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers>

### Postgres Permissions Graphical Interface with Approvals / Stats

- [ ] Make the SQL queries first
- [ ] Make each SQL query a function
- [ ] Be able to call these functions in API
- [ ] Tabbed interface for the different functions / stats
- [ ] class PermissionRequest
- [ ] <https://github.com/AykutSarac/jsoncrack.com?utm_source=substack&utm_medium=email>

### Desktop App

<https://github.com/TomSchimansky/CustomTkinter>

### Webstore Project

I want to make the sales follow a pattern that I specify, like sin waves or certain shapes, then see if the models can pick up on the shapes as a visual guide to accuracy.
Measuring their average or std or whatever over time and plotting it should give the right numbers.  See if the model can guess the correct shape.

### Interview Star Questions

- Have it talk to the command line version
- Update Command line Version
- Maybe use rich?
  - <https://github.com/Textualize/rich>

### Learning

### Goals

### Overview

### Ummmm and Like counter

[Building a ChatGPT-based AI Assistant with Python using OpenAI APIs](https://faizanbashir.me/building-a-chatgpt-based-ai-assistant-with-python-speech-to-text-and-text-to-speech-using-openai-apis)

[GitHub - sozykin/ml_fastapi_tests](https://github.com/sozykin/ml_fastapi_tests)

[GitHub - faizanbashir/speaking-chatgpt](https://github.com/faizanbashir/speaking-chatgpt)

Submit an audio recording and it will return the count of 'ummm' and 'like', 'ya know'
You can select which common phrases you want to find in the audio

<https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/speech-to-text>

### User Customization

- color scheme
- timezone
- session / cookies
  - I don't know anything about this

Commit message:

chore: Add freezegun and pendulum to deal with datetimes and testing

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- [PRIORITY PROJECTS](#priority-projects)
- [Random](#random)
- [CSS files](#css-files)
- [Tasks](#tasks)
- [Add Events to API routes](#add-events-to-api-routes)
- [Infrastructure Management](#infrastructure-management)
- [User Login](#user-login)
- [WTForms](#wtforms)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Logging](#logging)
- [Security](#security)
- [Re-structure CSS and Navigation](#re-structure-css-and-navigation)
- [Build Portfolio Page](#build-portfolio-page)
- [Basic Main page and Portfolio](#basic-main-page-and-portfolio)
- [Employers](#employers)
- [ML Models](#ml-models)
- [Front-end Framework](#front-end-framework)
- [Project Specific](#project-specific)
  - [ichrisbirch](#ichrisbirch)
  - [Apartments](#apartments)
  - [Habits](#habits)
  - [Tracks](#tracks)
  - [Events](#events)
  - [Countdowns](#countdowns)
  - [Box Moving](#box-moving)
  - [Journal](#journal)
- [Future Projects](#future-projects)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [Manage Github](#manage-github)
  - [Stable Diffusion](#stable-diffusion)
  - [Postgres Permissions Graphical Interface with Approvals / Stats](#postgres-permissions-graphical-interface-with-approvals--stats)
  - [Desktop App](#desktop-app)
  - [Webstore Project](#webstore-project)
  - [Interview Star Questions](#interview-star-questions)
  - [Learning](#learning)
  - [Goals](#goals)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Ummmm and Like counter](#ummmm-and-like-counter)
  - [User Customization](#user-customization)

## PRIORITY PROJECTS

- [ ] Always run the new autotask right now
- [ ] Test to see if the autotask creator actually works
- [ ] Check on the daily subtraction
  - [ ] This should be in the logs
  - [ ] Move to airflow eventually

- [ ] Create tests for logger init
- [ ] Make sure logger is working
- [ ] Update tmuxinator stuff
- [ ] Website Login to hide my shit
- [ ] Autotasks
- [ ] `euphoria_ddl.sql`
- [ ] `.flake8` does this not work with pyproject?
  - [ ] Docs if it does not
- [ ] mypy - `--check-untyped-defs`
  - [ ] Add this option when ready to deal with other routes
- [ ] Docs: Create video documentation, store on S3, create a link to the video in the docs.

## Random

- [X] Separate pytest and coverage in pre-commit and github-actions
  - Don't need to
- [ ] Make a startup script
  - [ ] So this can be started in Docker each time for testing
  - [ ] So it can be started on a fresh Postgres instance
- [ ] STATS
  - [ ] Move stats out of ichrisbirch
    - 1. Move them to ichrisbirch S3 bucket
    - 2. Create script to run them, similar to postgres backup script
    - 3. Run that script automatically with the backup on schedule
    -
- [ ] `etc/environment` in prod server for ENVIRONMENT variable
- [ ] Create `new-server` script that installs all the good stuff on new ec2 that can be run upon creation
  - [ ] Optionally, lock in an image with the stuff necessary to run server and use that image

## CSS files

- [ ] Need to have reset
- [ ] [mkdocs-material/_resets.scss at master · squidfunk/mkdocs-material · GitHub](https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/blob/master/src/assets/stylesheets/main/_resets.scss)

## Tasks

- [ ] Alexa skill, use the to-do API to add a task
- [ ] Make an Alfred shortcut for todo
  - [ ] Using API most likely
- [ ] FIX: Catch error when priority is not specified in add task, currently there is a server error
  - [ ] This needs to be done in the form itself, before it gets sent
  - [ ] Either wtforms or some frontend framework with validation

## Add Events to API routes

## Infrastructure Management

- [ ] [How to Manage OpenStack Private Clouds Episode 1](https://www.patreon.com/posts/how-to-manage-1-78070880)

## User Login

- [ ] Create login for all apps as a main page.
- [ ] [Basic Usage - FastAPI JWT Auth](https://indominusbyte.github.io/fastapi-jwt-auth/usage/basic/)
- [ ] [fastapi-github-actions-test/auth.py at master · rexsimiloluwah/fastapi-github-actions-test · GitHub](https://github.com/rexsimiloluwah/fastapi-github-actions-test/blob/master/src/routes/auth.py)
  - [ ] [Flask User Accounts & Authentication in with Flask-Login](https://hackersandslackers.com/flask-login-user-authentication/)
  - [ ] [Flask-Login — Flask-Login 0.7.0 documentation](https://flask-login.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
  - [ ] [GitHub - maxcountryman/flask-login: Flask user session management.](https://github.com/maxcountryman/flask-login)
  - [ ] [Cookies with the Flask web framework | Verdant Fox](https://verdantfox.com/blog/view/cookies-with-the-flask-web-framework)

- SSL for nginx
  - [How To Serve Flask Applications with Gunicorn and Nginx on Ubuntu 18.04  | DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-serve-flask-applications-with-gunicorn-and-nginx-on-ubuntu-18-04)
    - Step 6 - Securing the Application

- Flask Admin -- NO
- [GitHub - flask-admin/flask-admin: Simple and extensible administrative interface framework for Flask](https://github.com/flask-admin/flask-admin)

- [Stop Using JSON Web Tokens For Authentication. Use Stateful Sessions Instead | by Francisco Sainz | Better Programming](https://betterprogramming.pub/stop-using-json-web-tokens-for-authentication-use-stateful-sessions-instead-c0a803931a5d)

- FastAPI Signup
- [python-api-examples/api.py at main · ChristopherGS/python-api-examples · GitHub](https://github.com/ChristopherGS/python-api-examples/blob/main/fastapi_project/app/api/api.py)

## WTForms

Is this something I want to do?

- [Introduction — WTForms-Alchemy 0.16.8 documentation](https://wtforms-alchemy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/introduction.html)
- [Quickstart — Flask-WTF Documentation (1.1.x)](https://flask-wtf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart/)

## Testing

[TDD Tutorial](https://courses.cd.training/courses/tdd-tutorial)
[Patterns for Managing Source Code Branches](https://www.martinfowler.com/articles/branching-patterns.html)
[The Practical Test Pyramid](https://martinfowler.com/articles/practical-test-pyramid.html)
[9 pytest tips and tricks to take your tests to the next level | Verdant Fox](https://verdantfox.com/blog/view/9-pytest-tips-and-tricks-to-take-your-tests-to-the-next-level)

- Udemy Class
- I have pytest book somewhere
- Realpython
[Testing Flask Applications — Flask Documentation (2.2.x)](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.2.x/testing/)

- Books on datapointchris.com
- pytest
- test driven dev in python
- [Pytest with Marking, Mocking, and Fixtures in 10 Minutes | by Kay Jan Wong | Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/pytest-with-marking-mocking-and-fixtures-in-10-minutes-678d7ccd2f70)
- [Writing tests for external API calls](https://www.cosmicpython.com/blog/2020-01-25-testing_external_api_calls.html)
- [Python pytest - The Blue Book](https://lyz-code.github.io/blue-book/coding/python/pytest/)
- [Test-Driven Development In Python // The power of red-green-refactor - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1j6k2j2eJg)
- [How To Write Unit Tests For Existing Python Code // Part 1 of 2 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULxMQ57engo)
- [How To Write Unit Tests For Existing Python Code // Part 2 of 2 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NI5IGAim8XU)
- [End-To-End Tutorial For Pytest Fixtures With Examples](https://www.lambdatest.com/blog/end-to-end-tutorial-for-pytest-fixtures-with-examples/)
- [How To Use PyTest including Real Examples And Best Practices | by Eric Sales De Andrade | ITNEXT](https://itnext.io/how-to-use-pytest-including-real-examples-and-best-practices-11073e4fd514)
- DynamoDB
  - [pytest-dynamodb · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-dynamodb/)
  - [Testing Boto3 with pytest Fixtures - Adam Johnson](https://adamj.eu/tech/2019/04/22/testing-boto3-with-pytest-fixtures/)
- MongoDB
  - [pytest-mongo · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-mongo/)
  - [pytest-mongodb · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-mongodb/)
- [Pytest for Beginners | TestDriven.io](https://testdriven.io/blog/pytest-for-beginners/)
- [Web Automation: Don't Use Selenium, Use Playwright](https://new.pythonforengineers.com/blog/web-automation-dont-use-selenium-use-playwright/)
- [Lean TDD | pythontest](https://pythontest.com/lean-tdd/)

## Logging

[python - Using logging in multiple modules - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15727420/using-logging-in-multiple-modules/15729700#15729700)

[Logging HOWTO — Python 3.11.2 documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/howto/logging.html#advanced-logging-tutorial)

[Logging — The Underappreciated Art Form | by Tom Dickinson, PhD | Medium](https://www.tomkdickinson.co.uk/logging-the-underappreciated-art-form-40b8ec7add44)

[Python Logging: A Stroll Through the Source Code – Real Python](https://realpython.com/python-logging-source-code/)

[Python Logging: How to Write Logs Like a Pro! - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxuXaaT1u3k)

[Do not log](https://sobolevn.me/2020/03/do-not-log)

## Security

[API & Web Architecture - Security Best Practices | by Abdul Wahab | Medium](https://abdulrwahab.medium.com/api-web-architecture-security-best-practices-61522aff37be)
[Designing a secure API - DEV Community](https://dev.to/vaultree/designing-a-secure-api-4059)

- [ ] Make a new user for postgres?
  - [ ] Should I make a special user that connects to postgres?
  - [ ] Or should I use AWS IAM authentication with a password?
  - [ ] But I need a user to do admin stuff, I guess postgres is okay for that
  - [ ] But should definitely be a separate user for the app
    - [ ] They don't need permission to:
      - [ ] postgres database
      - [ ] pgcron
      - [ ] ONLY to `ichrisbirch` db

## Re-structure CSS and Navigation

- [ ] CSS to inheret from main
  - [ ] Both the classes and site-wide variables
- [ ] There is a style of CSS naming convention, find that again.
- [ ] <https://github.com/bem/bem-sdk#naming>
- [ ] <https://en.bem.info/toolbox/>
- [ ] <https://en.bem.info/methodology/css/>
- [ ]

@app.route('/favicon.ico')
def favicon():
    return send_file('static/favicon.ico')

## Build Portfolio Page

- [ ] code this entirely by hand, using small code packages
  - [ ] Dataset
  - [ ] Dataset-orm
- [ ] Use templates for everything

## Basic Main page and Portfolio

- Portfolio
  - [ ] Of course have the stupid carousel portfolio
    - [ ] When hover on project, get the 'highlights' reel.

## Employers

- Super awesome employers only link
  - Enter their super special employer code
  - Customized short video (my own voice from computer)

## ML Models

- [ ] API
- [ ] Corresponding Flask interface
  - [ ] Choose models
  - [ ] Choose dataset
    - [ ] Use the scikit-learn toy datasets to get a feel
  - [ ] Graphing, maybe this is part of Front-End
<https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-properly-ship-and-deploy-your-machine-learning-model-8a8664b763c4>
<https://testdriven.io/blog/fastapi-machine-learning/>

## Front-end Framework

[GitHub - Blazity/next-enterprise: 💼 An enterprise-grade Next.js boilerplate for high-performance, maintainable apps. Packed with features like Tailwind CSS, TypeScript, ESLint, Prettier, testing tools, and more to accelerate your development.](https://github.com/Blazity/next-enterprise)

Test this out on the portfolio page
resume page

## Project Specific

### ichrisbirch

- [ ] Command to bring up the menu, like in github
- [ ] Make a home tab that is present in every page somewhere
- [ ] `Report an Issue` button at the bottom or floating somewhere in the footer or nav that pops up a form in the middle that they submit easily and it goes to the correct repository as an issue on github and auto assigns me and I get an email.
- [ ] Automated web testing of all the buttons and forms?
- [ ] Nav on the bottom that when you click it, it comes up with rotating gears on each side.
  - [ ] [Floating Buttons](https://codepen.io/rashiq/pen/eqGEzw)
  - [ ] [Animated BottomBar Experiment (CSS Transitions only)](https://codepen.io/chrisbautista/pen/NWXjqLN)
- [ ] GEARS
  - [ ] <https://webdevtrick.com/cog-loading-animation/>
  - [ ] <https://css-challenges.com/rotating-gears/>
  - [ ] <https://www.script-tutorials.com/demos/247/index.html>
  - [ ] <https://jsfiddle.net/LukaszWiktor/4qpcqymp/>
  - [ ] <https://codepen.io/alextebbs/pen/tHhrz>
  - [ ] <https://www.script-tutorials.com/css3-animated-gears/>
- [ ] Integrate with bookmarks
  - [ ] Article of the Day

### Apartments

### Habits

<https://github.com/flatpickr/flatpickr>

Ranking
 [Slider with value and ruler](https://codepen.io/thebabydino/pen/RwjWrKz)

### Tracks

- [ ] Quote of the day!
- [ ] DELETE the Todo Part. This is being handled by `Tasks` and Obsidian for notes
- [ ] Re-design the tabs so that they are layered, eliminate tabs within tabs
- [ ] Daily Habits date changes at wrong time.  Set time to be local

### Events

- [ ] Add the Day of week to event date
- [ ] Delete Past events
- [ ] Add time remaining for events
- [ ] Turn long URLs into `Event Link`

### Countdowns

- [ ] Automatically put a countdown for any Event that I am attending

### Box Moving

- [ ] Cascade on delete to delete box items
- [ ] Add box # to search results
- [ ] Make check boxes bigger on main page
- [ ] Display block to have the whole thing be clickable
- [ ] Make box selector menu bigger
- [ ] Fix internal search error 500 with special characters
- [ ] Make the search a fuzzy search
- [ ] Make search box focus on load
- [ ] Make search results clickable
- [ ] Edit box name

### Journal

- [ ] Default Template to give a start
  EX: `3 Things Thankful:`
      (Write here)
      `5 New Ideas:`
      (Write here)
- [ ] Weekly / Monthly Themes
  - [ ] Integrated with the templates
  - [ ] Possibly even a color theme for effect
  - [ ] Music theme for repetition

## Future Projects

### Books

<https://stackabuse.com/file-management-with-aws-s3-python-and-flask/>
<https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73211035/how-do-i-configure-nginx-to-serve-static-files-from-an-aws-s3-bucket>

### Manage Github

Use API to pull github projects
If they have issues that need taken care of display those.
Make a link to go to the issues.
Each github project should have:

- Name
- Link
- local directory {projects, apps, tutorials, etc}
This should have an API that I can call in a python script to download all of them.
Upon opening it should check if there is a new github repository and alert me so that I can properly add it.

### Stable Diffusion

Because why not?
<https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers>

### Postgres Permissions Graphical Interface with Approvals / Stats

- [ ] Make the SQL queries first
- [ ] Make each SQL query a function
- [ ] Be able to call these functions in API
- [ ] Tabbed interface for the different functions / stats
- [ ] class PermissionRequest
- [ ] <https://github.com/AykutSarac/jsoncrack.com?utm_source=substack&utm_medium=email>

### Desktop App

<https://github.com/TomSchimansky/CustomTkinter>

### Webstore Project

I want to make the sales follow a pattern that I specify, like sin waves or certain shapes, then see if the models can pick up on the shapes as a visual guide to accuracy.
Measuring their average or std or whatever over time and plotting it should give the right numbers.  See if the model can guess the correct shape.

### Interview Star Questions

- Have it talk to the command line version
- Update Command line Version
- Maybe use rich?
  - <https://github.com/Textualize/rich>

### Learning

### Goals

### Overview

### Ummmm and Like counter

[Building a ChatGPT-based AI Assistant with Python using OpenAI APIs](https://faizanbashir.me/building-a-chatgpt-based-ai-assistant-with-python-speech-to-text-and-text-to-speech-using-openai-apis)

[GitHub - sozykin/ml_fastapi_tests](https://github.com/sozykin/ml_fastapi_tests)

[GitHub - faizanbashir/speaking-chatgpt](https://github.com/faizanbashir/speaking-chatgpt)

Submit an audio recording and it will return the count of 'ummm' and 'like', 'ya know'
You can select which common phrases you want to find in the audio

<https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/speech-to-text>

### User Customization

- color scheme
- timezone
- session / cookies
  - I don't know anything about this
