deploy/README.md, before:

# Deploy the project in professional fashion

Note: If you are getting ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'cachecontrol' when running poetry:
`sudo apt install python3-cachecontrol`

Note: If you are getting ERROR: Can not execute `setup.py` since setuptools is not available in the build environment:
`sudo apt install libffi-dev`

Note: If you are getting supervisor.sock no such file, make sure directories and files for logs are created.

Note: If you get bind() to 0.0.0.0:80 failed (98: Address already in use)
`sudo pkill -f nginx & wait $!`
`sudo systemctl start nginx`


## Dev
**`Dev`** assumes MacOS and homebrew installations
**`HOST:`** 0.0.0.0
**`APP PORT:`** 4000
**`API PORT:`** 4200



## Test
**`Test`** assumes Ubuntu and apt installations
**`HOST:`** 0.0.0.0
**`APP PORT:`** 4000
**`API PORT:`** 4200



## Prod
**`Prod`** assumes Ubuntu and apt installations
**`HOST:`** ichrisbirch.com
**`APP PORT:`** 8000
**`API PORT:`** 8200

1. Decrypt or copy environment file
 `scp -i ~/.ssh/apps.pem ~/github/projects/euphoria/deploy/prod/.prod.env ubuntu@$EUPHORIA_IP:/var/www/euphoria/deploy/prod/.prod.env`

2. Install the project
`poetry install --without dev`
Note: if there is pyscopg2 error about gcc:
`sudo apt install libpq-dev`

3. Run `deploy.sh`

4. Restart supervisor and nginx




# New Server

## Check for updates 
sudo apt update
sudo apt upgrade -y

## Installs
sudo apt install -y tmux htop libpq-dev libffi-dev python3-cachecontrol python3.10 python3-poetry nginx supervisor

## Clone Project
sudo git clone https://github.com/datapointchris/euphoria.git /var/www/

## Secure copy the environment file (from local)
scp -i ~/.ssh/apps.pem ~/github/projects/euphoria/deploy/prod/.prod.env ubuntu@$EUPHORIA_IP:/var/www/euphoria/deploy/prod/.prod.env

## Install project
poetry config virtualenvs.in-project true
poetry install --without dev

## Run deploy script to copy supervisor and nginx config files
sudo chmod +x /var/www/euphoria/deploy/prod/deploy.sh
sudo /var/www/euphoria/deploy/prod/deploy.sh

## Restart nginx and supervisor
sudo supervisorctl reload
sudo nginx -s reload

## ** Locally ** Make sure of no errors
tmuxinator euphoria-prod-monitoring

Commit message:

ops: Change number of workers from 4 to 1 for each process

deploy/README.md, after:

# Deploy the project in professional fashion

Note: If you are getting ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'cachecontrol' when running poetry:
`sudo apt install python3-cachecontrol`

Note: If you are getting ERROR: Can not execute `setup.py` since setuptools is not available in the build environment:
`sudo apt install libffi-dev`

Note: If you are getting supervisor.sock no such file, make sure directories and files for logs are created.

Note: If you get bind() to 0.0.0.0:80 failed (98: Address already in use)
`sudo pkill -f nginx & wait $!`
`sudo systemctl start nginx`


## Dev
**`Dev`** assumes MacOS and homebrew installations
**`HOST:`** 0.0.0.0
**`APP PORT:`** 4000
**`API PORT:`** 4200



## Test
**`Test`** assumes Ubuntu and apt installations
**`HOST:`** 0.0.0.0
**`APP PORT:`** 4000
**`API PORT:`** 4200



## Prod
**`Prod`** assumes Ubuntu and apt installations
**`HOST:`** ichrisbirch.com
**`APP PORT:`** 8000
**`API PORT:`** 8200
Number of workers is 1 for each in supervisor conf files because of small EC2 instance


1. Decrypt or copy environment file
 `scp -i ~/.ssh/apps.pem ~/github/projects/euphoria/deploy/prod/.prod.env ubuntu@$EUPHORIA_IP:/var/www/euphoria/deploy/prod/.prod.env`

2. Install the project
`poetry install --without dev`
Note: if there is pyscopg2 error about gcc:
`sudo apt install libpq-dev`

3. Run `deploy.sh`

4. Restart supervisor and nginx




# New Server

## Check for updates 
sudo apt update
sudo apt upgrade -y

## Installs
sudo apt install -y tmux htop sysstat procps tldr libpq-dev libffi-dev python3-cachecontrol python3.10 python3-poetry nginx supervisor

## Clone Project
sudo git clone https://github.com/datapointchris/euphoria.git /var/www/

## Secure copy the environment file (from local)
scp -i ~/.ssh/apps.pem ~/github/projects/euphoria/deploy/prod/.prod.env ubuntu@$EUPHORIA_IP:/var/www/euphoria/deploy/prod/.prod.env

## Install project
poetry config virtualenvs.in-project true
poetry install --without dev

## Run deploy script to copy supervisor and nginx config files
sudo chmod +x /var/www/euphoria/deploy/prod/deploy.sh
sudo /var/www/euphoria/deploy/prod/deploy.sh

## Restart nginx and supervisor
sudo supervisorctl reload
sudo nginx -s reload

## ** Locally ** Make sure of no errors
tmuxinator euphoria-prod-monitoring
